docs: Update ceph operator roadmap for v1.8 (#8665)
rook/rook: ROADMAP.md

Any dates listed below and the specific issues that will ship in a given milestone are subject to change but should give a general idea of what we are planning.
See the [Github project boards](https://github.com/rook/rook/projects) for the most up-to-date issues and their status.

## Rook Ceph 1.8

The following high level features are targeted for Rook v1.8 (December 2021). For more detailed project tracking see the [v1.8 board](https://github.com/rook/rook/projects/23).

* Configure bucket notifications with a CRD ([design doc](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/ceph-bucket-notification-crd.md))

> * Add alpha support for COSI (Container object storage interface) with K8s 1.22 [#7843](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/7843)

Reviewer: @thotz is this realistic in your opinion?

Reviewer 2: I'll attent the COSI meeting today and see when COSI expects to release also. I don't see anything that appears COSI related in the release notes, so I'm not sure it actually made it into K8s 1.22.

Reviewer 3: it got moved to k8s 1.23.

Author: Ok I'll move it to the section below since it's not clearly in 1.8

* Disaster Recovery (DR): CSI solution for application failover in the event of cluster failure
* OSD encryption key rotation [#7925](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/7925)

> * iSCSI gateway deployment [#4334](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/4334)

Reviewer: I doubt this one will make it.

Reviewer 2: I'm also not sure if we want to add iSCSI to rook/ceph. Should we consider having a rook/iscsi operator for this?

Reviewer 4: I'll advocate rook/iscsi rather than rook/ceph. But even then, other iSCSI servers just consume block PVCs, so it isn't clear to me what rook brings to the table.

Author: Agreed it's not clear, for now I'll at least move it out of the 1.8 section into the general potential feature list

> * Provide a conversion tool for flex volumes to CSI and remove the flex driver support [#4043](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/4043)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Provide a conversion tool for FlexVolumes to CSI and remove the FlexVolume driver support [#4043](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/4043)
```

> * Remove support for Nautilus, focusing on support for Octopus and Pacific [#7908](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/7908)

Reviewer: I'll add "Kubernetes authentication for cluster-wide encryption with Vault KMS"

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add an item about continuing to implement dependencies?

Author: I'd consider those at the bug level, no need to mention in the higher level roadmap
